Removed `WithScope` and `WithScopeAsync` (#2717)
getsentry/sentry-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

- Enable `CaptureFailedRequests` by default ([2688](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/2688))
- Additional constructors removed from `TransactionTracer`. ([#2694](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/2694))
- Removed the `Scope.Platform` property as it was never applied ([#2695](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/2695))

> - `WithScope` and `WithScopeAsync` have been proven to not work correctly in desktop contexts when using a global scope. They are have been removed in favor of the overloads of `CaptureEvent`, `CaptureMessage`, and `CaptureException`. Those methods provide a callback to a configurable scope. ([#2717](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/2717))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `WithScope` and `WithScopeAsync` have been proven to not work correctly in desktop contexts when using a global scope. Removing them in favor of the overloads of `CaptureEvent`, `CaptureMessage`, and `CaptureException`. Those methods provide a callback to a configurable scope that doesn't . ([#2717](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/2717))
```

I think it would be nice to expand. Like: Before, After

WIthScope(..); // Becomes:

CaptureEvent(..).

Reviewer 2: > That doesn't

That doesn't what? That doesn't not work correctly? If so, I'd take out the double negative and go with "that work correctly when using a global scope" or something like that.
